good afternoon everyone I'm Chris from
robeks if it's a very nice night and
this afternoon we're cooking a darling
of the Cape kitchen we've got the
headship also be with us here and her
assistant Candace and I think if you
turn around and have a look outside
we're in the kitchen with possibly the
best view in nice and I simply cannot
believe what a view also be as good
straight through the heads the entire
lagane the Yacht Club t snarling fazila
fantastic what is it like to work here
is the first time I dis love you you
this big picture in this big fiction yes
it is a very big glass kitchen that
during today yeah and my team I've got a
great team good and I'm proud of it good
I think we can meet faithful I think it
shows of the food that comes out of the
darling in your cap so I've brought for
you today some lovely mackeral mackeral
by the way is a green listed species and
this particular mackerel is quartet in
mizner so right outside their heads
lovely and fresh what are you going to
do with a macro for us today um I'm
gonna marinate it in a little bit of boy
and some five spice salt and pepper and
then I'm gonna pan-fry it super have you
got it marinating they're ready yeah
it's already marinated issues I just
tell me again what is what is on that
macro these are salt and pepper black
black holes grown people and then I've
got garlic and some fast mice okay and
then what are you going to be serving
with that one with them i'm going to
blind some spinach and then I have some
roasted cherry tomato see
and I'm going to make a lovely crush
protected with it okay superb so let's
get cracking peck peck peck we just cook
the potatoes till it's nice and not too
soft because we don't want to mash
potato we want to crush potato occur so
I'm just going to cook it it's almost
done I'm going to take it off now and
then I'm just going to add some salt and
pepper and some and lots of butter and
then on this side I'm just eating the
pan put it's nice and hot
which is seasoning at the potatoes is
quite a bit better yeah going to see the
fish off and then I'm going to put it in
the oven I do feel quite lost in the
kitchen this organized with a team
that's organized it just like I'm
standing what you guys prepare this dish
it's fantastic citation holiday
accommodation action
some of the tomatoes just roast of all I
could do know what with some herbs
rosemary thyme
people homes some garlic and I just put
it in olive oil and let him just so good
so it's more like a confit amata CC does
it take but i'm also cooking for 20
minutes because it's not so you know is
very acceptable there is our gear
together yeah it's eating up on but i
put the fish in the oven too looks like
the fish is done is done are we going to
plate it stop the potatoes we are the
first i'm going to put the potatoes on
the plate as you can see we did it with
this ski very nice nutritious could be
over as well what flavor of a potatoes
are on the skin yeah can we have the
blonde
spinach
easily hang on my little fish spew on
the outside looks delicious
my system on test
and that's just the juices of the pore
over the top of an affair which is over
it's for flavor this is perfect on you
don't have to put it on just to make the
place look nice okay this is a hope or
green oil and this is the balsamic
reduction
and some nice garnish this is a carrot
leaf don't throw your cat it's away Oh
sometimes I deep-fry it very nice and
then just a witch of God limit there we
are fantastic super the humble little
mackerel turned into a delicious dish
like that and we also be can just before
I take into this delicious dish here I
want you to have a look at this limit
look how nicely it's cat and are easy it
is for me to put some lemon over my fish
before I eat it how do you do this
normally I get a lemon wedge and I try
squeeze and half goes in my eye the
other half goes to my life's I just
never is that good when she shares how
to do this okay I'll just take the whole
limit we just cut by the one side of
Glee very boldly and then I just shape
it because I don't want the whole ugly
thing on the plate I just shape it so
they fits into your plank nice
crushed potatoes
delicious fantastic I like to be able to
eat my fruit NC executive ya see super
and without any further ado I'm going to
continue and finish this dish I think it
is that good thank you very much else me
Thank You Candice I had a great time to
them a wonderful dish thank you